- so a challenge for float she's won the
last two ITTF photos she's grating she
won she now leads 43 her attitude has
been per se and the Chinese players they
just have that ability to win in tight
situations you know people think out
there that they're clearly
the world and of course they are in
terms of tournaments won and World
Rankings but in the difficult situations
when matches on hesitation push to the
point and when it was he at all she was
under pressure as the favorite she
showed
from a three-point deficit pageant she's
now serving at Loveall in the third game
improving all the time rather than
improving us by London 2012 who was
wandering around the court between
points to try to focus herself fantastic
interesting point bed by the Empire
there Johnny I mean the crowd do like to
see continuous table tennis but again
it's this fine line between three wrists
sipping for the ball they've seen two
game points saved by here on up make
that three though billions probably just
other places anywhere spray it around
but mainly pin it down the middle of the
table just probably want to continue in
the Sylvian she's won 11 points in all
three games only winning two just
feeling it out there
what is it different serve here
Japanese plays both past and present so
they would never lie down fight for
every points in the overall match their
needs back out the back end go young
wins the point
young wins the fourth game and the March